I love music.
When I sing, I feel I can do or be anything.
It sets me free.
My classmates tell me to pursue what I want.
And my teachers think that I can have a career doing what I love.
Wouldn't it be awesome to be a famous musician who is known by everyone?
I know I would never leave Jehovah,
but would it be so wrong to get my career sorted first
and then serve Jehovah whole soul?
Now I have an offer that can do that.
You see, our family has never had a lot of money.
And this could change everything.
We could be rich.
When I told Dad my plans how we could have more money,
he was really grateful I wanted to help.
He liked the idea of using my talent.
But he also mentioned someone who I had never thought about.
Someone who had many opportunities in life
and needed to make a choice.
Moses.
Dad left me to think about Hebrews chapter 11
verses 24 to 26.
By faith, Moses, when grown up,
refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter,
choosing to be mistreated with the people of God,
rather than to have the temporary enjoyment of sin.
Because he considered the reproach of the Christ
to be riches greater than the treasures of Egypt,
for he looked intently toward the payment of the reward.
Moses had it all.
Yet he knew that while living in that Egyptian palace,
he could never give Jehovah 100%.
There were too many temptations.
Idol worship, spiritism, materialism.
He rejected this lifestyle and chose to serve Jehovah.
Clearly, Moses made the right career choice.
What would my career be?
Even if I am successful,
is the dream that they are selling me a reality?
Or will they throw me out as soon as the next big thing comes along?
What are the risks in morality, materialism?
Would I have the strength to resist these?
What a change, one scripture,
and thinking things through can make.
My teachers and classmates may never understand
why I chose not to pursue a career in music,
but that's okay.
The career I chose gives me purpose and happiness now
and has an eternal future.
Now, instead of being the only thing I do in life,
teaching music helps me to support my career,
pioneering.
My life is free of regret.
What career choice will you make?